you can
forgive discomfort
in announcing more for that of the
indicators not always the speed that
has this are five euros the meat
is 40 with the dogs 145 euros with
discounts already to pay the banks
santander post offices
but I thank anybody
20 days to pay after the date
limit to pay with discount 3 21 of
December 5 contracts are half very
all right
from this point 20 sessions are taken
for more free mail today you should be
the frog today been arrested you now
this
because I'm going to continue to 200 180
lower
go fast but man if you do not go
at 120 to 130 to 140 something more normal
of you
to the trouble and now that all there
luck
we stretch eyes
Thank you
let's see if the fucking mossos of
esquadra agree learn from the
picoletos to see let's see if they learn
of the picoletos that have caught me
three hundred per hour almost and they have
thrown to the roll because they have understood the
situation that comes to bed that
we want to get home, that's what love is worth
work is worth helping the neighbor alive
the civil guard live the picoletos and the
mother who gave birth